As the Great Imperial Preceptor
Under one man above ten thousand
The only person who can execute me is the current king Long Shuai
I can only kill you today.
And you can't kill me
Indeed, as long as I don't have Longquan Sword
No royal decree
The most I can do is to cripple you
Escort you back
It's simply not possible for you right now.
You only have two options.
Die with me
Carrying the name of a traitor
Share the glory with me
One wrong step
You lose everything.
To quickly and bound to meet
Otherwise, it will be broken by Zhuge
Black War Net
Are you in such a hurry to go back? Do you want to take the wine soldier?
Owen, you and Ouyang Tomb, these two treasons
I'm going to be crushed to ashes
Sorry, there is an old saying in your building called the winner and the loser
You and Long Shuai are both losers today
Successful people are outdated
I'm curious.
What conditions did Ouyang Mu offer you?
A top player like you
Willing to give him the right to be me willingly
Don't be interested
What I dream of is to have a piece of my own spiritual power
Built a killer capital
Hmph, it's really only white-skinned people like you
To have such disgusting thoughts
Thank you for your compliment.
If you don't have a crooked question.
Then it should fall into my hands as a hostage